[SYCLomatic][DOC] Add more manual fix examples and update some words (#1317)
oneapi-src/SYCLomatic: docs/dev_guide/diagnostic_ref/dpct1090.rst

------------------

Review and rewrite the code manually.

For example, this original CUDA\* code:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   void foo(int t) {
     cudaDeviceProp properties;
     cudaGetDeviceProperties(&properties, 0);
     int a = properties.regsPerBlock;
     if (a < t)
       code path 1
     else
       code path 2
   }

results in the following migrated SYCL code:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   void foo() {
     dpct::device_info properties;
     dpct::get_device_info(properties, dpct::dev_mgr::instance().get_device(0));
     /*
     DPCT1090:0: SYCL does not support the device property that would be
     functionally compatible with regsPerBlock. It was not migrated. You need to
     rewrite the code.
     */
     int a = properties.regsPerBlock;
     if (a < t)
       code path 1
     else
       code path 2
   }

which is rewritten to:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   void foo() {
     dpct::device_info properties;
     dpct::get_device_info(properties, dpct::dev_mgr::instance().get_device(0));
   

>      code path 2

Reviewer: Please add comment for L70:  You need apply code path1 or path2 depend on target HW,  please check whether there is method/api to get the info how many register available in SYCL-device in  HW thread level.

Author: done

------------------

Review and rewrite the code manually.

For example, this original CUDA\* code:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   void foo(int t) {
     cudaDeviceProp properties;
     cudaGetDeviceProperties(&properties, 0);
     int a = properties.regsPerBlock;
     if (a < t)
       code path 1
     else
       code path 2
   }

results in the following migrated SYCL code:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   void foo() {
     dpct::device_info properties;
     dpct::get_device_info(properties, dpct::dev_mgr::instance().get_device(0));
     /*
     DPCT1090:0: SYCL does not support the device property that would be
     functionally compatible with regsPerBlock. It was not migrated. You need to
     rewrite the code.
     */
     int a = properties.regsPerBlock;
     if (a < t)
       code path 1
     else
       code path 2
   }

which is rewritten to:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   void foo() {
     dpct::device_info properties;
     dpct::get_device_info(properties, dpct::dev_mgr::instance().get_device(0));
     

>      // You need apply code path1 or path2 depending on the registers number on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     // You need apply code path1 or path2 depending on the num of registers available on

```
